street food Street foodies we are
wrapping up a snack pack the month of
episodes from Shia Muslim Quarter on the
real there are so many snacks that I
could not even get to there's this
awesome happy that they pull there's
this candy thing that they count with
giant orc side hammers and just they
just beat it like a slap their mama I
can't get all of them but I will say
this if you find yourself in Xi'an look
me up and I will hang with you on the
strip just like i did with street booty
charlesbourg he messaged me on youtube
and we straight met up oh snap i just
money where my mouth is that piece just
got real come to china speaking of
visitors my mother and father-in-law
recently made the pilgrimage to the land
of their grandchildren and one of the
many places we took them was flemings
yet where we going today river he's
going to get bail having and a show and
um ballads I've made reference to the
bell tower and the drum tower all season
I think it's a pretty cheap to get in
but if you go on a weekend or holiday
like we did the lines are going to be
long and the places are pretty packed on
the surface the bell tower how's the
baby bell the drum tower have some big
drums both towers actually have music
shows they're pretty short but the
interesting if you're into ancient music
both towers actually have museums inside
as well the drum tower has a Qing
Dynasty office furniture museum which is
about as interesting as it sounds but
the bell tower has a silk robe Museum
which I personally found pretty
interesting there's an app that traces
all the major stops along the ancient
Silk Road which was the Overland trade
route between China and the West xian
where i lived was a start of the Silk
Road and it finished in Rome marco polo
but and i didn't know this it made stops
in Kabul Tehran Baghdad and Damascus I
think Silk Road mystery is just
fascinating lions for example are not
native to China but they are a huge part
of Chinese culture lion statue sit out
in front of bank
in neighborhoods for like protection
they have a traditional lion dance which
is a totally mainland Chinese thing but
there's no Lions here where did that
come from so pro maybe while you ponder
that treat yourself to the musical
stylings of the bell tower septet
afterwards we get the shopping streets
with my in-laws Brad try to roll John
law and cold noodles from this shop that
was featured in Street food season 3 not
only did he like the sandwich and the
cold noodles he handled his chopsticks
like a boss then we got some sugar sure
pomegranate juice bright pink refreshing
not as cold as i would have liked it to
be yeah not gonna happen okay homegirl
chunks to that pomegranate whole style
in this contraption presses it down for
a while and the product is a tasty
beverage sweet it's a little sharp they
only have this when pomegranates are in
season it's a brief seasonal window in
the summer and then we're back to the
red date juice own its neck wait haha
this dish is always served by
traditional white people you can check
back the episode 6.1 to learn more about
the plate the cake looks really sweet
but it actually isn't that sweet I
wasn't a huge fan of the red date flavor
but it is made with sticky rice if
you're old I hope you've enjoyed this
meandering stroll down puddings yeah if
you come to Xian it is not to be missed
I'm gonna show you guys this has been an
ally down the way they have cricket
fighting like you can buy a cricket and
gamble on it to beat the other crickets
I'm not sure if peeta covers insects but
I'm saying cricket fighting next week my
family and I check out the xi'an
aquarium join us on friday for beluga
whales and whatnot until then eat it on
the street watch out for the parasites
and also the crickets street food
alright you've no doubt notice the poor
lighting quality of the show thus far
this season I want to apologize i want
to invite you to visit patreon and i
will buy some lights ok let's just
acknowledge it the lighting sucks i'm
sorry